the libertarian right suffers from the
delusion that if you just let people
make choices including Market choices
that everything will work out for the
best but they don't understand and they
should understand that even the small L
liberals whose ideas they're essentially
utilizing understood that individual
Freedom was only possible in a society
that was moured in the way that you
indicated with your ship analogy it's
like once the game rules are in place
then everybody can be free to play but
if you can't agree on the damn rules you
don't have freedom you have
counterproductive chaotic revolutionary
Anarchy